Upgrade/improved antimeridian logic (#27)
GeoscienceAustralia/dem-handler: README.md

```

### Antimeridian

> Requesting data across the antimeridian requires correctly formatted bounds. The antimeridian is a special case where the `left` value of the bounds is greater than the `right`. If bounds such as there are passed in, the dem-handler logic will return a mosaiced DEM that crossess the antimeridian projected in the most appropriate crs. For example, 3031 for high latitudes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requesting data across the antimeridian requires correctly formatted bounds. The antimeridian is a special case where the `left` value of the bounds is greater than the `right`, e.g left = 178 (eastern hemisphere) and right = -179 (western hemisphere). If bounds such as these are passed in, the dem-handler logic will return a mosaiced DEM that crossess the antimeridian projected in the most appropriate crs. For example, 3031 for high latitudes.
```
